作者muse87131 ()看板Gossiping標題[新聞] 新冠病毒疫情永遠不會消失時間Sun Aug 23 07:22:38 2020
Coronavirus will be with us forever, Sage scientist warns

科學家警告：新冠病毒疫情永遠不會消失

BBC

Sir Mark Walport said people would need to be vaccinated at regular intervals.

Mark Walport爵士表示，大家可能必須定期接種疫苗。

His comments come after the head of the World Health Organization (WHO)澵aid h
e hoped the pandemic would be over within two yearsꀬ as the Spanish flu had t
aken two years to overcome.

WHO秘書長日前表示他希望疫情能在兩年內結束，因為西班牙流感也花了兩年才平息。

Sir Mark said denser populations and travel meant the virus spread easily.

但Mark爵士說現在人口更密集，旅行更頻繁，所以病毒傳播更容易。

He also said the world population was now much larger than in 1918.

Speaking to BBC Radio 4's Today programme, Sir Mark said that, in order to con
trol the pandemic, "global vaccination" would be required, but coronavirus wou
ld not be a disease like smallpox "which could be eradicated by vaccination

"This is a virus that is going to be with us forever in some form or another,
and almost certainly will require repeated vaccinations," he sa

這個病毒將永遠以各種形式存在，大家必須持續接種。

Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus, head of the WHO, has said that the Spanish flu of
1918 took two years to overcome, and that advances in technology could allow t
he world to halt coronavirus "in a shorter time".


The flu of 1918 killed at least 50 million people.

Coronavirus has so far killed 800,000 people. Nearly 23 million infections hav
e been recorded but the number of people who have actually had the virus is th
ought to be much higher due to inadequate testing and asymptomatic cases.

Sir Mark warned that it was "possible" coronavirus would get "out of control"
again, but said more targeted measures could now be used instead of a generic
lockdown.

oronavirus cases have been increasing in European countries in recent weeks. S
ome nations, which had appeared successful in suppressing the initial outbreak
s, are now seeing infections rise again.

As of 22 August,濳he UK recorded 21.5 coronavirus cases per 100,000 people ove
r the last fortnightꀬ according to the European Centre for Disease Prevention
 and Control.

Sir Mark said: "We know that less than one in five people around the country h
ave been infected, so 80% of the population are still susceptible to this viru
s.

"It is this terrible balance between trying to minimise the harm to people fro
m the infection and protecting people, whilst keeping society going."

He said he was worried about the rise in the number of cases in Europe and oth
er parts of the world.


Meanwhile, tourists returning to the UK澵pent thousands of pounds乸rranging ne
w flights in a race to get home before new travel rules came into force.

From 04:00 BST on Saturday, travellers coming back from Croatia, Austria and T
rinidad and Tobago must quarantine for 14 days.

There were similar scenes last weekend when new rules kicked in for濳hose retu
rning from countries including France and the Netherlands.

https://bbc.in/3l9dtVa


---split---
推: 8
噓: 0
分數: 8
作者: muse87131 ()
標題: [新聞] 新冠病毒疫情永遠不會消失
時間: Sun Aug 23 07:22:38 2020
